---
layout: post
title:  "About Firefly III"
date:   2016-01-09 09:23:50
---

"Firefly III" is a financial manager. It can help you keep track of expenses, income, budgets and everything in between. It even supports credit cards, shared 
household accounts and savings accounts! It's pretty fancy. You should use it to save and organise money.
 
Personal financial management is pretty difficult, and everybody has their own approach to it. Some people
make budgets, other people limit their cashflow by throwing away their credit cards, others try to increase
their current cashflow. There are tons of ways to save and earn money.

Firefly works on the principle that if you know where you're money is going, you can stop it from going there.

To get to know Firefly, and to see if it fits you, check out these resources:

- The [screenshots](/screenshots/) so you can see what it looks like;
- The [featurelist](/features/) so you know what it does; 
- The [full description](/description/), which will tell you how Firefly works,
and the philosophy behind it.

### Then what?

If you think you will like Firefly III, you should check out these resources:

- You can try Firefly III for one month, for free, [on my personal website](/try-firefly-iii/).

If you decide you want to run Firefly III yourself (this is the mandatory next step), you should check out these resources:

- [The system requirements](/system-requirements/);
- [The installation guide](/installation-guide/);
- [The upgrade guide](/upgrade-guide/);
- [Some important must-reads](/must-reads/) that did not fit on this page